SNOW-990777 Use temp table for non-nullable schema when possible (#1209)
snowflakedb/snowpark-python: CHANGELOG.md

  df = copy(df)
  df.select(col("b").alias("c"))  # threw an error. Now it's fixed.
  ```

> - Fixed a bug in `Session.create_dataframe` that the non-nullable field in schema is not respected for boolean type. Note that this fix requires the user to have the privilege to create a temp table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed a bug in `Session.create_dataframe` that the non-nullable field in schema is not respected for boolean type. Note that this fix is only effective when the user to have the privilege to create a temp table.
```
